seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha,1

charset,UTF-8
type,shell
name,Metal Bottle
craftman,Zichqec
craftmanurl,https://zichqec.github.io/s-the-skeleton/index.html
homeurl,https://zichqec.github.io/s-the-skeleton/updates/shells/metal_bottle/

sakura.balloon.offsetx,0
sakura.balloon.offsety,0
kero.balloon.offsetx,0
kero.balloon.offsety,0
sakura.balloon.alignment,none
kero.balloon.alignment,none

shiori.logo.filename,resources\niseshiori.png
shiori.logo.x,16
shiori.logo.y,256

menu.background.font.color.r,0
menu.background.font.color.g,20
menu.background.font.color.b,40

menu.foreground.font.color.r,255
menu.foreground.font.color.g,255
menu.foreground.font.color.b,255

menu.disable.font.color.r,120
menu.disable.font.color.g,120
menu.disable.font.color.b,120

menu.separator.color.r,150
menu.separator.color.g,150
menu.separator.color.b,150

menu.background.alignment,righttop
menu.foreground.alignment,righttop
menu.sidebar.alignment,bottom

menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png

sakura.bindgroup100.name,Cap,White
sakura.bindoption100.group,Cap,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup100.default,1

sakura.bindgroup101.name,Cap,Gray 1
sakura.bindgroup102.name,Cap,Gray 2
sakura.bindgroup103.name,Cap,Gray 3
sakura.bindgroup104.name,Cap,Gray 4
sakura.bindgroup105.name,Cap,Black



sakura.bindgroup1000.name,Bottle,Gray
sakura.bindoption1000.group,Bottle,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup1000.default,1

//sakura.bindgroup1001.name,Bottle,Galaxy Red
sakura.bindgroup1002.name,Bottle,S Hoodie
//plaid read
sakura.bindgroup1004.name,Bottle,Denim
sakura.bindgroup1005.name,Bottle,Lulo Sparkles
//sakura.bindgroup1006.name,Bottle,Blue
sakura.bindgroup1007.name,Bottle,Bowtie
sakura.bindgroup1007.addid,100001

sakura.bindgroup1008.name,Bottle,Smudge 1
sakura.bindgroup1009.name,Bottle,Smudge 2
sakura.bindgroup1010.name,Bottle,Smudge 3
sakura.bindgroup1011.name,Bottle,Blood
sakura.bindgroup1012.name,Bottle,Plaid Red
sakura.bindgroup1013.name,Bottle,Plaid Orange
sakura.bindgroup1014.name,Bottle,Plaid Yellow
sakura.bindgroup1015.name,Bottle,Plaid Green
sakura.bindgroup1016.name,Bottle,Plaid Cyan
sakura.bindgroup1017.name,Bottle,Plaid Blue
sakura.bindgroup1018.name,Bottle,Plaid Purple
sakura.bindgroup1019.name,Bottle,Plaid Pink
sakura.bindgroup1020.name,Bottle,Galaxy Red
sakura.bindgroup1021.name,Bottle,Galaxy Orange
sakura.bindgroup1022.name,Bottle,Galaxy Yellow
sakura.bindgroup1023.name,Bottle,Galaxy Green
sakura.bindgroup1024.name,Bottle,Galaxy Cyan
sakura.bindgroup1025.name,Bottle,Galaxy Blue
sakura.bindgroup1026.name,Bottle,Galaxy Purple
sakura.bindgroup1027.name,Bottle,Galaxy Pink
sakura.bindgroup1028.name,Bottle,Gradient Red
sakura.bindgroup1029.name,Bottle,Gradient Orange
sakura.bindgroup1030.name,Bottle,Gradient Yellow
sakura.bindgroup1031.name,Bottle,Gradient Green
sakura.bindgroup1032.name,Bottle,Gradient Cyan
sakura.bindgroup1033.name,Bottle,Gradient Blue
sakura.bindgroup1034.name,Bottle,Gradient Purple
sakura.bindgroup1035.name,Bottle,Gradient Pink


sakura.bindoption10000.group,Stickers,multiple

sakura.bindgroup10000.name,Stickers,Heart 1
sakura.bindgroup10001.name,Stickers,Heart 2
sakura.bindgroup10002.name,Stickers,Heart 3


//sakura.bindgroup100001.name,Stickers,Bowtie
