seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha,1

charset,UTF-8
type,shell
name,Metal Bottle
craftman,Zichqec
craftmanurl,https://zichqec.github.io/s-the-skeleton/
homeurl,https://zichqec.github.io/s-the-skeleton/updates/shells/metal_bottle/

sakura.balloon.offsetx,0
sakura.balloon.offsety,0
kero.balloon.offsetx,0
kero.balloon.offsety,0
sakura.balloon.alignment,none
kero.balloon.alignment,none

shiori.logo.filename,resources\niseshiori.png
shiori.logo.x,16
shiori.logo.y,256

menu.background.font.color.r,0
menu.background.font.color.g,20
menu.background.font.color.b,40

menu.foreground.font.color.r,255
menu.foreground.font.color.g,255
menu.foreground.font.color.b,255

menu.disable.font.color.r,120
menu.disable.font.color.g,120
menu.disable.font.color.b,120

menu.separator.color.r,150
menu.separator.color.g,150
menu.separator.color.b,150

menu.background.alignment,righttop
menu.foreground.alignment,righttop
menu.sidebar.alignment,bottom

menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png

sakura.bindgroup100.name,Cap,White
sakura.bindgroup101.name,Cap,Gray 1
sakura.bindgroup102.name,Cap,Gray 2
sakura.bindgroup103.name,Cap,Gray 3
sakura.bindgroup104.name,Cap,Gray 4
sakura.bindgroup105.name,Cap,Black


sakura.bindoption100.group,Cap,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup101.default,1


sakura.bindgroup1000.name,Bottle,Gray
sakura.bindgroup1001.name,Bottle,Gradient Red
sakura.bindgroup1002.name,Bottle,Gradient Orange
sakura.bindgroup1003.name,Bottle,Gradient Yellow
sakura.bindgroup1004.name,Bottle,Gradient Green
sakura.bindgroup1005.name,Bottle,Gradient Cyan
sakura.bindgroup1006.name,Bottle,Gradient Blue
sakura.bindgroup1007.name,Bottle,Gradient Purple
sakura.bindgroup1008.name,Bottle,Gradient Magenta
sakura.bindgroup1009.name,Bottle,Plaid Red
sakura.bindgroup1010.name,Bottle,Plaid Orange
sakura.bindgroup1011.name,Bottle,Plaid Yellow
sakura.bindgroup1012.name,Bottle,Plaid Green
sakura.bindgroup1013.name,Bottle,Plaid Cyan
sakura.bindgroup1014.name,Bottle,Plaid Blue
sakura.bindgroup1015.name,Bottle,Plaid Purple
sakura.bindgroup1016.name,Bottle,Plaid Magenta
sakura.bindgroup1017.name,Bottle,Galaxy Red
sakura.bindgroup1018.name,Bottle,Galaxy Orange
sakura.bindgroup1019.name,Bottle,Galaxy Yellow
sakura.bindgroup1020.name,Bottle,Galaxy Green
sakura.bindgroup1021.name,Bottle,Galaxy Cyan
sakura.bindgroup1022.name,Bottle,Galaxy Blue
sakura.bindgroup1023.name,Bottle,Galaxy Purple
sakura.bindgroup1024.name,Bottle,Galaxy Magenta
sakura.bindgroup1025.name,Bottle,Aurora
sakura.bindgroup1026.name,Bottle,Constellation
sakura.bindgroup1027.name,Bottle,Denim
sakura.bindgroup1028.name,Bottle,Bowtie
sakura.bindgroup1029.name,Bottle,Smudge 1
sakura.bindgroup1030.name,Bottle,Smudge 2
sakura.bindgroup1031.name,Bottle,Smudge 3
sakura.bindgroup1032.name,Bottle,Blood
sakura.bindgroup1033.name,Bottle,S Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup1034.name,Bottle,Lulo Sparkles

sakura.bindoption1000.group,Bottle,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup1000.default,1
sakura.bindgroup1028.addid,100001
