seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha,1

charset,UTF-8
type,shell
name,Default Shell
craftman,Zichqec
craftmanurl,https://zichqec.github.io/s-the-skeleton/index.html

sakura.balloon.offsetx,65
sakura.balloon.offsety,-25
kero.balloon.offsetx,0
kero.balloon.offsety,0
sakura.balloon.alignment,none
kero.balloon.alignment,none

shiori.logo.filename,resources\niseshiori.png
shiori.logo.x,16
shiori.logo.y,256


//Menu stuff

menu.background.font.color.r,0
menu.background.font.color.g,0
menu.background.font.color.b,0

menu.foreground.font.color.r,255
menu.foreground.font.color.g,255
menu.foreground.font.color.b,255

menu.disable.font.color.r,225
menu.disable.font.color.g,225
menu.disable.font.color.b,225

menu.separator.color.r,225
menu.separator.color.g,225
menu.separator.color.b,225

menu.background.alignment,righttop
menu.foreground.alignment,righttop
menu.sidebar.alignment,bottom

menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png

sakura.bindgroup10000.name,Pants,Default Slacks
sakura.bindoption10000.group,Pants,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup10000.default,1

sakura.bindgroup10001.name,Pants,Dark Red Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10002.name,Pants,Medium Red Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10003.name,Pants,Light Red Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10004.name,Pants,Dark Orange Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10005.name,Pants,Medium Orange Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10006.name,Pants,Light Orange Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10007.name,Pants,Dark Yellow Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10008.name,Pants,Medium Yellow Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10009.name,Pants,Light Yellow Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10010.name,Pants,Dark Green Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10011.name,Pants,Medium Green Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10012.name,Pants,Light Green Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10013.name,Pants,Dark Cyan Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10014.name,Pants,Medium Cyan Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10015.name,Pants,Light Cyan Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10016.name,Pants,Dark Blue Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10017.name,Pants,Medium Blue Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10018.name,Pants,Light Blue Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10019.name,Pants,Dark Purple Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10020.name,Pants,Medium Purple Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10021.name,Pants,Light Purple Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10022.name,Pants,Dark Pink Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10023.name,Pants,Medium Pink Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10024.name,Pants,Light Pink Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10025.name,Pants,Dark Gray Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10026.name,Pants,Medium Gray Slacks
sakura.bindgroup10027.name,Pants,Light Gray Slacks


sakura.bindgroup10051.name,Pants,Dark Red Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10052.name,Pants,Medium Red Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10053.name,Pants,Light Red Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10054.name,Pants,Dark Orange Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10055.name,Pants,Medium Orange Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10056.name,Pants,Light Orange Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10057.name,Pants,Dark Yellow Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10058.name,Pants,Medium Yellow Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10059.name,Pants,Light Yellow Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10060.name,Pants,Dark Green Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10061.name,Pants,Medium Green Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10062.name,Pants,Light Green Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10063.name,Pants,Dark Cyan Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10064.name,Pants,Medium Cyan Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10065.name,Pants,Light Cyan Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10066.name,Pants,Dark Blue Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10067.name,Pants,Medium Blue Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10068.name,Pants,Light Blue Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10069.name,Pants,Dark Purple Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10070.name,Pants,Medium Purple Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10071.name,Pants,Light Purple Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10072.name,Pants,Dark Pink Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10073.name,Pants,Medium Pink Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10074.name,Pants,Light Pink Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10075.name,Pants,Dark Gray Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10076.name,Pants,Medium Gray Jeans
sakura.bindgroup10077.name,Pants,Light Gray Jeans


//sakura.bindgroup10001.name,Pants,Jeans test

sakura.bindgroup11000.name,Shirts,Default Sweater
sakura.bindoption11000.group,Shirts,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup11000.default,1

sakura.bindgroup11001.name,Shirts,Dark Red Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11002.name,Shirts,Medium Red Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11003.name,Shirts,Light Red Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11004.name,Shirts,Dark Orange Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11005.name,Shirts,Medium Orange Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11006.name,Shirts,Light Orange Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11007.name,Shirts,Dark Yellow Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11008.name,Shirts,Medium Yellow Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11009.name,Shirts,Light Yellow Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11010.name,Shirts,Dark Green Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11011.name,Shirts,Medium Green Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11012.name,Shirts,Light Green Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11013.name,Shirts,Dark Cyan Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11014.name,Shirts,Medium Cyan Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11015.name,Shirts,Light Cyan Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11016.name,Shirts,Dark Blue Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11017.name,Shirts,Medium Blue Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11018.name,Shirts,Light Blue Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11019.name,Shirts,Dark Purple Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11020.name,Shirts,Medium Purple Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11021.name,Shirts,Light Purple Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11022.name,Shirts,Dark Pink Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11023.name,Shirts,Medium Pink Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11024.name,Shirts,Light Pink Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11025.name,Shirts,Dark Gray Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11026.name,Shirts,Medium Gray Sweater
sakura.bindgroup11027.name,Shirts,Light Gray Sweater

sakura.bindgroup11050.name,Shirts,Dark Red Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11051.name,Shirts,Medium Red Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11052.name,Shirts,Light Red Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11053.name,Shirts,Dark Orange Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11054.name,Shirts,Medium Orange Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11055.name,Shirts,Light Orange Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11056.name,Shirts,Dark Yellow Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11057.name,Shirts,Medium Yellow Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11058.name,Shirts,Light Yellow Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11059.name,Shirts,Dark Green Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11060.name,Shirts,Medium Green Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11061.name,Shirts,Light Green Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11062.name,Shirts,Dark Cyan Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11063.name,Shirts,Medium Cyan Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11064.name,Shirts,Light Cyan Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11065.name,Shirts,Dark Blue Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11066.name,Shirts,Medium Blue Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11067.name,Shirts,Light Blue Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11068.name,Shirts,Dark Purple Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11069.name,Shirts,Medium Purple Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11070.name,Shirts,Light Purple Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11071.name,Shirts,Dark Pink Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11072.name,Shirts,Medium Pink Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11073.name,Shirts,Light Pink Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11074.name,Shirts,Dark Gray Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11075.name,Shirts,Medium Gray Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11076.name,Shirts,Light Gray Hoodie
sakura.bindgroup11077.name,Shirts,Galaxy Hoodie Test

sakura.bindgroup11101.name,Shirts,Dark Red T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11102.name,Shirts,Medium Red T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11103.name,Shirts,Light Red T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11104.name,Shirts,Dark Orange T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11105.name,Shirts,Medium Orange T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11106.name,Shirts,Light Orange T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11107.name,Shirts,Dark Yellow T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11108.name,Shirts,Medium Yellow T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11109.name,Shirts,Light Yellow T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11110.name,Shirts,Dark Green T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11111.name,Shirts,Medium Green T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11112.name,Shirts,Light Green T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11113.name,Shirts,Dark Cyan T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11114.name,Shirts,Medium Cyan T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11115.name,Shirts,Light Cyan T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11116.name,Shirts,Dark Blue T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11117.name,Shirts,Medium Blue T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11118.name,Shirts,Light Blue T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11119.name,Shirts,Dark Purple T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11120.name,Shirts,Medium Purple T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11121.name,Shirts,Light Purple T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11122.name,Shirts,Dark Pink T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11123.name,Shirts,Medium Pink T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11124.name,Shirts,Light Pink T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11125.name,Shirts,Dark Gray T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11126.name,Shirts,Medium Gray T-Shirt
sakura.bindgroup11127.name,Shirts,Light Gray T-Shirt

sakura.bindgroup11150.name,Shirts,Dark Red Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11151.name,Shirts,Medium Red Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11152.name,Shirts,Light Red Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11153.name,Shirts,Dark Orange Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11154.name,Shirts,Medium Orange Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11155.name,Shirts,Light Orange Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11156.name,Shirts,Dark Yellow Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11157.name,Shirts,Medium Yellow Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11158.name,Shirts,Light Yellow Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11159.name,Shirts,Dark Green Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11160.name,Shirts,Medium Green Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11161.name,Shirts,Light Green Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11162.name,Shirts,Dark Cyan Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11163.name,Shirts,Medium Cyan Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11164.name,Shirts,Light Cyan Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11165.name,Shirts,Dark Blue Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11166.name,Shirts,Medium Blue Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11167.name,Shirts,Light Blue Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11168.name,Shirts,Dark Purple Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11169.name,Shirts,Medium Purple Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11170.name,Shirts,Light Purple Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11171.name,Shirts,Dark Pink Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11172.name,Shirts,Medium Pink Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11173.name,Shirts,Light Pink Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11174.name,Shirts,Dark Gray Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11175.name,Shirts,Medium Gray Sleeveless
sakura.bindgroup11176.name,Shirts,Light Gray Sleeveless

//sakura.bindgroup999999.name,Planets,Earth

sakura.menu,hidden